
                Promise: Cut housing taxes
                Politician: poilievre
                Source: http://prospect.org/2026/02/11/feb-2026-magazine-sports-olympic-spirits-on-ice-los-angeles/
                Title: Olympic Spirits on ICE
                
                Article Content:
                Get the latest stories from The Prospect delivered right to your inbox for the in-depth analysis you need.The latest stories from the Prospect—delivered straight to your inbox for the in-depth analysis you need. Credit: Illustration by Cristian Mera This article appears in the February 2026 issue of The American Prospect magazine. Read more from the issue. Donald Trump made the United States a bad place to visit the second he got back into office. German citizens Jessica Brösche, 29, and Lucas Sielaff, 25, were among the first tourists he locked up. Brösche was carrying tattoo equipment when she reached the California-Mexico border last February 18; agents decided she intended to work illegally. Sielaff spoke little English, misunderstood a question, and answered it wrong. For those crimes, the U.S. government threw them in San Diego’s Otay Mesa Detention Center. Sielaff got out after a couple of weeks, but agents held Brösche for more than a month longer, including stashing her in solitary confinement for eight days, an experience she likened to “a horror movie.” Then there was Welsh artist Rebecca Burke, 28, whose “trip of a lifetime across North America” was cut short when she tried to cross into Washington state from Canada. La migra sent her to an immigration camp south of Seattle on February 26, “despite being a tourist with no criminal record,” her dad said. More from Whitney Curry Wimbish Agents detained many more sightseers and vacationers, some of whom they forced to strip naked and endure a full-body search before ejecting them. They blocked an Australian MMA coach with a visa to conduct a seminar, holding him temporarily in federal prison. They forced British commentator Sami Hamdi to leave in the middle of a speaking tour because he dared to criticize Israel. They detained Khaby Lame, the world’s most popular TikTok star with 160.8 million followers, because of unspecified “immigration violations.” More than 68,000 people were in immigration detention as of December 2025, an all-time high. At least 32 have died in custody. More will be snatched, imprisoned, and murdered in 2026, with the paramilitary force carrying out the abductions bolstered by $150 billion in new funding. This is the environment to which Trump expects foreign visitors and international athletes to come for the 2028 Summer Olympics, hosted mainly in Los Angeles, with some events in Oklahoma City. Immigration officials have terrorized residents in both cities all year, in episodes that have left people traumatized and dead. Organizers expect 15 million visitors for the quadrennial spectacle. But Los Angeles residents, activists, and researchers told me they fear for those visitors’ safety, and their own. “I just see the Olympics as being a target for raids,” said Shirley, a lifelong Angeleno, who spoke on condition of using only her first name. “Tourists really don’t know what to look forward to other than the Olympic celebration, and behind it there’s much more going on.” For all of her 39 years, Shirley has lived across the street from Exposition Park, where the 22,000-seat soccer arena, BMO Stadium, will host flag football and lacrosse. Sporting events and venues were major targets for immigration agents throughout 2025. They were spotted repeatedly at Dodger Stadium, and an asylum seeker was arrested while taking his children to the Club World Cup soccer final in New Jersey last July. “I’m born here, I’m a citizen, but during the raids, just because of the color of my skin, I was scared to go out,” Shirley said. “If I were a tourist traveling to the U.S., and to L.A. specifically, I would think about it twice.” The threat of immigration roundups could worsen an already dodgy economic bet that cities around the world almost always lose: that economic activity for a couple of weeks can justify the massive infrastructure outlay needed for global competitions like the Olympics. Los Angeles, which hosted the Games just 42 years ago, vowed a “no-new-build” Olympics relying on existing venues. But that is fantasy; officials are spending billions of taxpayers’ money. What if nobody shows up, preventing Los Angeles from recouping this investment? OLYMPIC GAMES ROUTINELY RUN OVER BUDGET and provide scant benefit to the cities that host them. Accountants last September finally put the cost for the Paris 2024 Games at 6.6 billion euros, for example, significantly more than the original 5.9 billion estimate. National auditors claimed that did not represent “budgetary overspending,” according to Le Monde and AFP, and that taxpayer exposure to the bill was “contained.” The Olympics routinely fails to draw as much money as officials say it will. Beijing’s Summer Olympics in 2008 cost $40 billion and brought in just $3.6 billion, for example, while the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro cost more than $20 billion and required a $900 million emergency loan from the Brazilian government weeks before the Opening Ceremony. Tokyo’s 2020 Games cost $1
            